all right second video is going to be
more in-depth talking about John Cena
winning his world heavyweight title now
I did talk about this in the video I
made previewing the match but now that
he came back he got to see him work a
little bit and you know he's still
injured it's kind of apparent that his I
don't know if it's just for the
storyline but my presumption is there's
no way a guy can be a hundred percent
after only two months with the estimated
time being eight months now I think he's
injuring he's hurt and he's still
wrestling whether you know for me it's
like you know Cena you can come back in
on one hand you you're you know the
toughest guy to ever come through the
WWE in the past ten years but on the
other hand take the time off you know
you you need it the fans kind of want it
so why rush back you know what I mean
but this isn't my thoughts on him
because you know it kind of goes both
ways but for me him winning the title is
gonna obviously bring prestige to it
the match was boring I was as old
Alberto Del Rio VORs John Cena was never
a good match like the two don't have
good chemistry together so I didn't
really expect a great match out of this
del rio worked the arm the whole time
Cena came back you know they did a good
little exchange was there a chance I
thought Dario could retain maybe a
little bit but you know the biggest word
ball would have been seen a winning
soundly arm like crazy stand out coming
in maybe with a chair attacking him
before gasping the ref here you go
where's my case cash it in that would be
the ultimate he'll dastardly he'll move
but they gave scene to the belt he had
his big welcome back celebration and
prepare for I guess three months of
Alberto Del Rio verse John Cena because
I don't see Del Rio doing anything else
what does what else is there for him to
do other than few for the title with
Cena but you I guess this is kind of be
the secondary feud of all and I think
Daniel Bryan versus Randy Orton's gonna
go another two months where the blow-off
could be there at Survivor Series or
actually yeah I don't know Survivor
Series or Royal Rumble
it's like I guess are the only two
options I don't know if they're going to
drag it all the way to Wrestlemania
I hope not but seeing it with the belt
it's uh it's you know he's 14 times when
you think about it that's two more that
Ric Flair had him I don't know you know
he's gonna pass it one day and it's
unfortunate but uh you know he came back
he's same I don't know where he gets
bigger faster stronger thing from but he
seemed the same you know he's heard feel
bad for him that you know WWE needs him
back that badly that even though he's
you know not 100% he still has to come
back and bust his ass
but I was fine he I would have had him
if you really wanted to come back have
him come back at TD Garden in his
hometown you know I remember we faced
Jericho and TD Garden for the world
title where he beat him that was a great
moment and could I did it again but had
to bring him back in Miami really no
build have Del Rio kind of do to
guy's arms kind of building that up for
more than just a week or two I could
have been something special but you know
then again that's just nitpicking
everything but I've seen his back see
what happens tomorrow and I'll see you
guys in next video